Add more deets to inbox management doc (#104)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/inboxes/manage-inboxes.mdx

You do have the ability to rotate inbox IDs if a user reaches the limit of 257 identity actions (adding, removing, or revoking addresses or installations). Hopefully, users won’t reach this limit, but if they do, inbox IDs have a nonce and can be created an infinite number of times. 

However, anytime a new inbox ID is created for an address, the conversations and messages in any existing inbox ID associated with the address are lost.

### I have multiple addresses associated with one inbox ID. If I log in with any one of these addresses, does it access that inbox ID, or does it create a new inbox ID?

Let's say that you create a client with an address 0x62EE...309c. Inbox ID 1 is generated from that address 0x62EE...309c. 

<div>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xmtp/docs-xmtp-org/refs/heads/main/docs/pages/img/inbox1-address1.png" width="150px" />
</div>

> If you then add a different address 0xd0e4...DCe8 to inbox ID 1, address 0xd0e4...DCe8 is also associated with that inbox ID 1, even inbox ID 1 can not be generated from address 0xd0e4...DCe8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you then add a different address 0xd0e4...DCe8 to inbox ID 1, address 0xd0e4...DCe8 is also associated with that inbox ID 1.
```

I think we can remove this last clause. Inbox ID 1 is already generated at this step, so I dont think it needs to be stated whether it can be generated by the new address.

If you then log into a new app installation with address 0xd0e4...DCe8, it accesses inbox ID 1 and does not create a new inbox ID.

> Once address 0x62EE...309c has been associated with inbox ID 1, the addition of address 0xd0e4...DCe8 can then be used to log into inbox ID 1 using a new app installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once address 0xd0e4...DCe8  has been associated with inbox ID 1, it can then be used to log into inbox ID 1 using a new app installation.
```

I think we want to say once 0xd0e4...DCe8 has been associated it can be used to log in to inbox 1. It wouldnt make sense to say "Once 0x62EE...309c has been associated" because 0x62EE...309c has always been associated since it was the address that created the inbox id 1.
